I'm shootin', flee
Pollutin' you and your niggas, betta run from me
Comin' through in a strap... with a 223
You be losin' your life when you caught up... in beef
What?  Nigga nigga, shiiiit!
Now, I'm ridin', ride
With a K on my side
50 shots flyin', fly
Nigga, you want beef with I?
I hope you lyin', but why?
In the middle of tha night, I be fatigued, camouflagin' by
Byy-bahda-by-by-by
Huh?  Nigga, what?  Takin' me for a joke, and watch me hurt cha
Boys there, they be commercial... I beat 'em 'til they purple
I'm a lil' bitty nigga, but I got a big ole chop, 2's that'll kill 50 niggas
Didja do it?  Thought it was cool?
But cha still in it, nigga
Your so ugly with your boys, but I'm still pretty, nigga
Lil' Wayne representin'
I cut like blades, I bust heads, and break legs
I tear up dreads, take our breads, now go figure
What?  From tha 17th, I back down from no nigga
Had me four deep in four cars on your block with four triggas
Man... ya'll niggas ain't up for this!!
Ya'll hatin' on me, you can suck my dick!
Didn't I tell ya ta chill?
Guerrilla, you can play if you want
Find yourself in tha back-a my trunk
Ho, feminine punk!

Look, it's little rhymecholy
Legendary like Bob Marley
17 ward superstar, feel me
I tell ya, shorty million dollar, nigga
Don't test, 'cause lil' shorty is a rider, nigga
Got my click behind me.. every step of tha way
Hit your wards, with tha pump, with your chest and your face
I'm a bloodhound... I ain't lyin', I'm thugged out!
I'm from uptown... and that ain't no Beverly Hills
You wan' know what that be like?  Well, curiousity kills
Send chills up my trigga finger, blast tha dummy
'Specially if it's a drought, I got ta have tha money
Take tha hit, even if it's below tha average money
Got to make it through tha week, and feed my family uppy
I'm just a lil' thug, what
Belt-buckle fall down to my cuffs, what
And police don't even matter, they can suck what
Tha price right if I catch ya slippin', nigga, what what.. what

I go by "Wheezy: the Don"
Magnificent nigga, lot of ice around my neck, and freezin' the arm
And if a nigga decide to test, their chest get completely took off
And if you wonder who the fuck (?)
(?) we so sip
It's like ain't nothin' but we gotta squab
On the block everyday sellin' rocks and shit
Choppin' bricks - give the damn cops a dick
We cop a whip and drop a brick - that's how we do it
Weed, liquor, money, and guns how we do it
Freak bitch to swallow cum like fluid
Who it be? Through his feet, Dubbs
Ain't nothin' sweet 'cause I can't keep trust
Lil' nigga - worth well over a mill, nigga
Real nigga - come around and show up where you live, nigga
Pullin' out the K's, nigga - (??) and all
Wayne 'bout to damage your home
Nigga 'bout to go to see the man in the stars
Hoppin' out the van with bandanas and all
Cannons went off
News cameras takin' pictures of your family when your avenue's gone
Damn, it's a shame how the bullets slammed in your brain
How the ice slammed the pain, rammin' your dame
That's because she ran into the game
Nigga, stop playin' with Lil Wayne
Come on!

Who am I, young wizzle fa shizzle
Flow sicker than a third floor in hospitals
My charm starburst, my watch skittles
I'm hot sizzle, what up hot bizzle
Holla at a playa, I'm sorta like BD
Yall can't stop my dribble, or block the lay-ups
Soft top the Coupe, mami pop her too
Don't chase the feelin baby girl let it come to you
Remove the ceiling on the girl now she comfortable
I'ma world class G mami fuck wit dude
I got Lazy-Boy bank that's comfort low
I'ma offense coordinator run the shoe
You watch your grill what you ought to do
Fore' your ribs get barbecued
And my ribs is showin I say I'm starving dude
This, this, this, this, this is the Carter dude
What up Reel, c'mon

Miss Butter pecan caramel southern bell
She hotter than a summer day in hell
I'm under her spell, she say her name is Chantel
She say she got a man, I can't tell
Because when we be rockin'
we get it poppin like a Amstel, like
Right up in the hotel, maybe the stairwell
She blows kisses to my handheld
She an angel her name should be An-gel ' I'm Blessesd '
I kill her wit the rich man smell
She got a wet manhole and ya mans fell whoa
I slipped and I ankwell
I saw jelly fishes seashells, no further details
I love the smell of a female
And you're one hell of a female I'm tellin' ya female
Get in the CL and let it be sweet sailin' and late night e-mailin'
Ooh she feel me, Ooh Fee Fee I think she feels me
Okay, I called her on a late night it was late right
I was on her ass like some brakelights
But I ain't stop for the redlights
We get it poppin' til the blue and red lights come knockin'
Neighbors keep trippin, we keep fuckin
Sex revolution, baby I'm comin
down the hallway that lead to your stomach,mami
I'ma keep pumpin till you scream Young Money
and me and you're boyfriend is not the same
I goes down like the stock exchange, and the I bring it up
'Scuse me, I drink it up, I leave you soakin' wet from ya ankle up
Shucks, I'm too much, Fee I'm too much